Add changelog for release v0.39.0 (#2157)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: helmfile.d/charts/grafana-dashboards/files/welcome.md

Here you can find the most relevant features and changes for the last couple of releases of Compliant Kubernetes

- Trivy Operator was upgraded to v0.20.1. **[v0.39]**
- Velero was upgraded to v1.13.0. **[v0.39]**

> - Pods with the label `elastisys.io/prometheus-access: allow` can now access Prometheus. **[v0.39]**

Author: Not sure if we want to announce this or not since it's still required by a platform administrator to allowlist the namespaces where this is possible. Let me know what you think!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pods can now be granted access to the API of Prometheus from Application Developer namespaces per request. **[v0.39]**
```
I think we just reword it, but as it is a new feature I do think we should announce it.
